WEEK 1 ANSWERS
Test your knowledge: Introduction to cybersecurity

 

What are the three key elements of the CIA triad?

Customer trust, increased revenue, and advancement
Compliance standards, instructions, and access
Confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information
Continuity, invulnerability, and attainment of business goals
 

What are the primary responsibilities of an entry-level security analyst? Select three answers.

Create compliance laws
Protect information
Search for weaknesses
Monitor systems
 

Fill in the blank: Performing _____ enables security professionals to review an organization's security records, activities, and related documents.

penetration tests
software developments
ethical hacking
security audits
 

In what ways do security teams bring value to an organization? Select two answers.

Protecting against external and internal threats
Reducing business productivity
Achieving regulatory compliance
Increasing operational expenses
 

Test your knowledge: Core skills for cybersecurity professionals

 

Which of the following proficiencies are transferable skills, likely to be applicable in almost any field? Select all that apply.

Written and verbal communication
Problem-solving
Analysis
Programming
 

Which of the following proficiencies are technical skills that are needed to become an entry-level security analyst? Select all that apply.

Regulation writing
Software development
Data analysis
Programming
 

Fill in the blank: _____ identify, analyze, and preserve criminal evidence within networks, computers, and electronic devices.

Business intelligence professionals
Digital forensic investigators
Security operations center analysts
Ethical hackers
 

What are examples of sensitive personally identifiable information (SPII) that cybersecurity professionals need to protect? Select two answers.

Bank account numbers
Email addresses
Medical records
Last names
 

Weekly challenge 1

 

Fill in the blank: Cybersecurity aims to protect networks, devices, people, and data from _____ or criminal exploitation.

changing business priorities
unauthorized access
poor financial management
market shifts
 

Which of the following tasks are typically responsibilities of entry-level security analysts? Select all that apply.

changing business priorities
unauthorized access
poor financial management
market shifts
or

Installing prevention software
Creating organizational policies
Conducting periodic security audits
Protecting computer and network systems
or

Installing prevention software
Creating organizational policies
Examining in-house security issues
Protecting computer and network systems
 

An employee receives an email that they believe to be legitimate. They click on a compromised link within the email. What type of internal threat does this scenario describe?

Abusive
Intentional
Accidental
Operational
 

Fill in the blank: Identity theft is the act of stealing _____ to commit fraud while impersonating a victim.

trade secrets
hardware
personal information
business records
 

What are some key benefits associated with an organization meeting regulatory compliance? Select two answers.

Avoiding fines
Recruiting employees
Upholding ethical obligations
Increasing productivity
 

An individual is in their first job as an entry-level security professional. They apply the problem-solving proficiencies that they learned in past roles to their current security career. What does this scenario describe?

Having expertise with a specific procedure
Understanding business standards
Taking on-the-job training
Using transferable skills
 

Fill in the blank: Security information and _____ management (SIEM) tools enable security professionals to identify and analyze threats, risks, and vulnerabilities.

employer
event
emergency
enterprise
 

What do security professionals typically do with SIEM tools?

Identify threat actors and their locations
Locate and preserve criminal evidence
Educate others about potential security threats, risks, and vulnerabilities
Identify and analyze security threats, risks, and vulnerabilities
 

Which of the following statements accurately describe personally identifiable information (PII) and sensitive personally identifiable information (SPII)? Select all that apply.

An example of SPII is someone’s financial information.
The theft of PII is often more damaging than the theft of SPII.
Both PII and SPII are vulnerable to identity theft.
An example of PII is someone’s date of birth.
or

An example of PII is someone’s phone number.
An example of SPII is someone’s biometric data.
Only SPII is vulnerable to identity theft.
PII is any information used to infer an individual’s identity.
or

SPII is a type of PII that falls under stricter handling guidelines.
The theft of SPII is often more damaging than the theft of PII.
An example of SPII is someone’s last name.
An example of PII is someone’s email address.
 

Fill in the blank: Cybersecurity aims to protect networks, devices, people, and data from _____ or unauthorized access.

poor financial management
market shifts
criminal exploitation
changing business priorities
 

Which of the following entities may be an internal threat to an organization? Select three answers.

Trusted partners
Vendors
Employees
Customers
 

An individual has their personal information stolen. They discover that someone is using that information to impersonate them and commit fraud. What does this scenario describe?

Data breach
Secured customer data
Network infiltration
Identity theft
 

Fill in the blank: An organization that is in regulatory compliance is likely to _____ fines.

rectify
avoid
encounter
incur
 

An individual is in their first job as an entry-level security professional. They take training to learn more about the specific tools, procedures, and policies that are involved in their career. What does this scenario describe?

Gaining new technical skills
Improving management capabilities
Understanding different perspectives
Transferring capabilities from one career to another
 

Fill in the blank: The purpose of _____ is to protect networks, devices, people, and data from unauthorized access or criminal exploitation.

cybersecurity
change-management
planning
business continuity
 

A security professional collaborates with information technology teams to deploy an application that helps identify risks and vulnerabilities. What does this scenario describe?

Upgrading network capacity
Installing detection software
Conducting a security audit
Ethical hacking
 

Someone outside of an organization attempts to gain access to its private information. What type of threat does this scenario describe?

Internal
External
Ethical
Accidental
 

What is identity theft?

Failing to maintain and secure user, customer, and vendor data
Trying to gain access to an organization’s private networks
Stealing personal information to commit fraud while impersonating a victim
A data breach that affects an entire organization
 

A security professional receives an alert about an unknown user accessing a system within their organization. They attempt to identify, analyze, and preserve the associated criminal evidence. What security task does this scenario describe?

Resolving error messages
Programming with code
Software upgrades
Computer forensics
 

What is regulatory compliance?

Sites and services that require complex passwords to access
Laws and guidelines that require implementation of security standards
Expenses and fines associated with vulnerabilities
Threats and risks from employees and external vendors
 

Fill in the blank: Security information and event _____ (SIEM) tools enable security professionals to identify and analyze threats, risks, and vulnerabilities.

monitoring
mitigation
maturity
management
 

Which of the following proficiencies are examples of technical skills? Select two answers.

Prioritizing collaboration
Communicating with employees
Applying computer forensics
Automating tasks with programming
 
