WEEK 4 ANSWERS
Test your knowledge: Important cybersecurity tools

 

What tool is designed to capture and analyze data traffic within a network?

network protocol analyzer (packet sniffer)
Structured Query Language (SQL)
Google Chronicle
Splunk Enterprise
 

Which of the following are examples of SIEM tools? Select two answers.

Python
Google Chronicle
Linux
Splunk Enterprise
 

How are logs primarily used by security professionals?

Identify vulnerabilities and potential security breaches
Collect and analyze data to monitor critical activities in an organization
Select which security team members will respond to an incident
Research and optimize processing capabilities within a network
 

Fill in the blank: A _____ is a manual that provides details about operational actions.

case history
directory
playbook
checklist
 

Test your knowledge: Core cybersecurity knowledge and skills

 

What do security professionals use to interact with and request information from a database?

Confidentiality, integrity, availability (CIA) triad
Structured Query Language (SQL)
Linux
Python
 

What is programming typically used for? Select two answers.

Enable open-source operations
Create a specific set of instructions for a computer to execute tasks
Complete repetitive tasks and processes
Record events that occur within an organization’s systems
 

Fill in the blank: Linux is an open-source _____ that can be used to examine logs.

operating system
database
algorithm
programming language
 

A playbook is a manual that provides details about how to respond to an incident only after it has occurred.

True
False
 

Weekly challenge 4

 

Which of the following statements correctly describe logs? Select two answers.

A business might log each time an employee signs into their computer.
A log is used as a formal guide to incident response.
Security professionals use logs to visualize data.
A log is a record of events that occur within an organization’s systems. 
 

Which of the following tasks can be performed using SIEM tools? Select three answers.

Providing alerts for specific types of risks
Performing incident analysis
Proactively searching for threats
Notifying authorities of illegal activity
 

What is a benefit of a tool, such as Google’s Chronicle, being cloud-native?

It requires hardware to deploy.
It is a static resource.
It allows for fast delivery of new features.
It performs best when downloaded to a network.
 

Fill in the blank: A security professional uses a _____ as a manual to guide operational activities.

spreadsheet
toolkit
review
playbook
 

As a security analyst, you are monitoring network traffic to ensure that SPII data is not being accessed by unauthorized users. What does this scenario describe?

Using a network protocol analyzer (packet sniffer)
Programming with code
Calculating with formulas
Gathering data in a spreadsheet
 

Fill in the blank: The wide exposure and immediate access to the source code of open-source tools makes it _____ likely that issues will occur.

very
more
less
equally
 

What are some key benefits of programming languages? Select all that apply.

They install security hardware.
They create a specific set of instructions for a computer to execute tasks.
They execute repetitive processes accurately.
They filter through data points faster than humans can working manually.
 

How is an open-source operating system, such as Linux, different from other operating systems?

It relies on a command line.
It is only a desktop tool.
It is proprietary.
It must be downloaded from the cloud.
 

Fill in the blank: A database is a _____ of organized data stored in a computer system.

visualization
collection
model
frame
 

What are some key benefits of using Python to perform security tasks? Select all that apply.

It is designed for high levels of accuracy.
It makes static data more dynamic.
It simplifies repetitive tasks.
It helps security professionals be more accurate.
 

Shuffle Q/A

 

Which of the following tasks can be performed using SIEM tools? Select three answers.

Helping security analysts identify potential breaches
Collecting and analyzing data
Providing alerts for specific types of risks and threats
Requesting security data from government agencies
 

Why might a security professional choose Google Chronicle to store security data for later analysis?

It is cloud-native, which means it delivers new features quickly.
It requires hardware to deploy, so it is more secure.
It is a static resource, so the user interface never changes.
It performs best when downloaded to a network, which enables efficient processing.
 

A security team wants to examine logs to understand what is occurring within their systems. Why might they choose Linux to perform this task? Select two answers.

It allows for text-based commands by users.
It is an efficient programming language.
It is proprietary.
It is open source.
 

Fill in the blank: Security professionals can use _____ to interact with and request information from a database.

Chronicle
network protocol analyzers (packet sniffers)
Splunk Enterprise
SQL
 

What are some key benefits of using Python to perform security tasks? Select all that apply.

It saves time.
It clearly maps data.
It helps ensure accuracy.
It uses a command-line interface.
 

What are some key benefits of using Python to perform security tasks? Select all that apply.

 

It helps security professionals work with high levels of detail.
It enables security professionals to be more accurate.
It simplifies repetitive tasks.
It automatically eliminates sensitive information.
 

As a security analyst, you are monitoring network traffic and detect a large number of failed login attempts. Which of the following tools would help you investigate this incident? Select two answers.

An intrusion detection system (IDS)
A network protocol analyzer (packet sniffer)
A cryptographic encoder
A command-line interface
 

What are some key benefits of programming languages? Select all that apply.

They create a specific set of instructions for a computer to execute tasks.
They reduce the risk of human error.
They describe how data is organized.
They complete tasks faster than if working manually.
What are some key benefits of programming languages? Select all that apply.

 

Execute repetitive processes very accurately
Complete repetitive tasks with a high degree of efficiency
Implement security protocols
Create a specific set of instructions for a computer to execute tasks
 

Fill in the blank: To request information from a _____, security professionals can use SQL.

spreadsheet
database
network
dashboard
 

Which of the following tasks can be performed using SIEM tools? Select three answers.

Implementing security software programs
Saving time by reducing the amount of data to be reviewed
Analyzing filtered events and patterns
Monitoring critical activities
 

What term is used to describe publicly available systems, such as Linux?

Open-source
Unregulated
Restricted
Free-for-all
A cybersecurity analyst is tasked with proactively searching for threats and performing incident analysis. What type of tool should they use?

Structured Query Language (SQL)
Chain of custody playbook
Linux operating system
Security information and event management (SIEM)
