WEEK 1 COURSE 2
Week 1
 

Fill in the blank: The _____ domain is focused on access and authorization to keep data secure by making sure that users follow established policies to control and manage assets.
security operations
identity and access management
asset security
communication and network security
What is the focus of the security and risk management domain?
Manage and secure wireless communications
Secure physical networks and wireless communications
Optimize data security by ensuring effective processes are in place
Define security goals and objectives, risk mitigation, compliance, business continuity, and regulations
In which domain would a security professional conduct security control testing; collect and analyze data; and perform security audits to monitor for risks, threats, and vulnerabilities?
Communication and network engineering
Security architecture and engineering
Identity and access management
Security assessment and testing
Fill in the blank: The _____ domain concerns conducting investigations and implementing preventive measures.
security operations
communications and networking engineering
asset security
software development security
 

Test your knowledge: Navigate threats, risks, and vulnerabilities

What is a vulnerability?
An organization’s ability to manage its defense of critical assets and data and react to change
Anything that can impact the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an asset
Any circumstance or event that can negatively impact assets
A weakness that can be exploited by a threat
Fill in the blank: Information protected by regulations or laws is a _____. If it is compromised, there is likely to be a severe negative impact on an organization’s finances, operations, or reputation.
low-risk asset
new-risk asset
medium-risk asset
high-risk asset
What are the key impacts of threats, risks, and vulnerabilities? Select three answers.
Damage to reputation
Employee retention
Identity theft
Financial damage
Fill in the blank: The steps in the Risk Management Framework (RMF) are prepare, _____, select, implement, assess, authorize, and monitor.
communicate
categorize
produce
reflect
 

Weekly challenge 1

Fill in the blank: Security _____ refers to an organization’s ability to manage its defense of critical assets and data, as well as its ability to react to change.
posture
architecture
governance
hardening
Which of the following examples are key focus areas of the security and risk management domain? Select three answers.
Mitigate risk
Be in compliance
Secure digital and physical assets
Define security goals and objectives
Which of the following examples are key focus areas of the security and risk management domain? Select three answers.

Follow legal regulations
Conduct control testing
Define security goals
Maintain business continuity
 

What term describes an organization's ability to maintain its everyday productivity by establishing risk disaster recovery plans?
Mitigation
Daily defense
Recovery
Business continuity
What security concept involves all individuals in an organization taking an active role in reducing risk and maintaining security?
Shared responsibility
Remote services
Secure coding
Employee retention
A security analyst researches ways to improve access and authorization at their business. Their primary goal is to keep data secure. Which security domain does this scenario describe?
Security assessment and testing
Communication and network security
Asset security
Identity and access management
What are the key areas of focus in the security assessment and testing domain? Select three answers.
Collect and analyze data
Perform security audits
Conduct security control testing
Use secure coding practices
Fill in the blank: The software development _____ process may involve penetration testing during the deployment and implementation phase of developing software products.
positioning
access
operational
lifecycle
 

Which of the following statements accurately describe risk? Select all that apply.
Another way to think of risk is the likelihood of a threat occurring.
A high-risk asset is any information protected by regulations or laws.
If compromised, a medium-risk asset may cause some damage to an organization’s ongoing operations.
If compromised, a low-risk asset would have a severe negative impact on an organization’s ongoing reputation.
 

Which of the following statements accurately describe risk? Select all that apply.

If compromised, a high-risk asset is unlikely to cause financial damage.
Website content or published research data are examples of low-risk assets.
Organizations often rate risks at different levels: low, medium, and high.
If compromised, a medium-risk asset may cause some damage to an organization's finances.
 

A business experiences an attack. As a result, sensitive personally identifiable information (SPII) is leaked through the dark web. What type of consequence does this scenario describe?
Financial gain
Identity theft
Reputation
Customer
In the Risk Management Framework (RMF), which step involves knowing how current systems are operating and if they support security goals?
Monitor
Assess
Authorize
Categorize
 

Shuffle Q/A

Fill in the blank: Security posture refers to an organization’s ability to react to _____ and manage its defense of critical assets and data.
change
tasks
sustainability
competition
How does business continuity enable an organization to maintain everyday productivity?
By ensuring return on investment
By exploiting vulnerabilities
By outlining faults to business policies
By establishing risk disaster recovery plans
Which of the following activities may be part of establishing security controls? Select three answers.
Monitor and record user requests
Collect and analyze security data regularly
Evaluate whether current controls help achieve business goals
Implement multi-factor authentication
 

A business experiences an attack. As a result, a major news outlet reports the attack, which creates bad press for the organization. What type of consequence does this scenario describe?
Increase in profits
Damage to reputation
Loss of identity
Lack of engagement
In the Risk Management Framework (RMF), which step involves having effective security and privacy plans in place in order to minimize the impact of ongoing risks?
Authorize
Prepare
Categorize
Implement
 

What is the goal of business continuity?
Reduce personnel
Remove access to assets
Destroy publicly available data
Maintain everyday productivity
Shared responsibility is a core concept of which domain?
Security and risk management
Security architecture and engineering
Asset security
Communication and network security
How does security control testing enable companies to identify new and better ways to mitigate threats? Select two answers.
By revising project milestones
By evaluating whether the current controls help achieve goals
By granting employee access to physical spaces
By examining organizational goals and objectives
A business experiences an attack. As a result, its critical business operations are interrupted and it faces regulatory fines. What type of consequence does this scenario describe?
Practical
Reputation
Financial
Identity
 

In the Risk Management Framework (RMF), which step involves being aware of how systems are operating?
Monitor
Categorize
Implement
Authorize
 

A security analyst considers ways to enhance data security at their business. They decide to write a proposal to their supervisor that concerns employee authorization and asset management. Which security domain does this scenario describe?

Software development security
Security assessment and testing
Communication and network security
Identity and access management
 
